# Contributing to PRISONER

PRISONER has been chiefly developed for internal use, and we are now making the
tools available to gauge the interest of the community and to help steer its
development based on the community's needs. As such, we have no formal process
for handling contributions to the project, so this guide should be considered
our current thinking and not taken as too prescriptive!

## How we're developing PRISONER

PRISONER is being developed completely openly, with all changes pushed
immediately to GitHub. This means, `master` is very unsafe, and you generally
don't want to clone from there. We are working on improving test coverage as a
priority, but currently this is a major weakness for us, so expect a lot of bad
commits here. We will regularly push out releases which are semantically
versioned, but please note that PRISONER is still volatile and there will
probably be frequent breaking changes.

## Pull requests

If you are using PRISONER in your own experiments and want to push any new
functionality or bug fixes upstream, we are very happy to accept pull requests.
Perhaps a bit hypocritically, we ask for tests for anything you want us
to accept (we are trying to improve our coverage after all!) and we are open to
starting new branches to host interesting new features that aren't ready for the
mainstream!

## Bugs

### Known issues

We will raise issues for known bugs in PRISONER ourselves, and issues raised
by others will remain open until patched, so please check here first before
reporting anything. 

### Reporting issues

Please raise issues regarding bugs or feature suggestions, or to point out any
poor or missing documentation. We'll try to help you out if you're trying to get
PRISONER working and not sure how to go about something.

## Getting in touch

You can also reach us by [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EthicsPRISONER) or our
Facebook group.

## License
Contributions to PRISONER are under a BSD license.