Facebook Graph API 2.x
Changes to PRISONER's Facebook Service Gateway
----------------------------------------

On April 30th 2015, there will be some significant changes to the Facebook Graph
API as version 1.0 is deprecated, and version 2.0 becomes the default.

There are two ways in which this impacts experiments which use Facebook on
PRISONER. This guide outlines which changes will affect you. Please note that
section 1 applies to ALL Facebook experiments, and you will at least need to
make these changes for experiments to continue to function.

1) Facebook Apps, Permissions, and Login Review
---------------------------------------

Currently, PRISONER uses a shared Facebook App to make API requests. Because of
changes in v2.0 you will need to do the following:

1) Create your own Facebook app

From https://developers.facebook.com go to My Apps, and create a new app for
your experiment (using "advanced setup"). From the developers dashboard, note
the App ID and App Secret.

2) Provide PRISONER with the app details

Your experimental design policy should include the following lines within the
<experiment> element:

	<props>
	<prop for="Facebook" key="app_id" value="YOUR_APP_ID" />
	<prop for="Facebook" key="app_secret" value="YOUR_APP_SECRET" />
	<prop for="Facebook" key="api_version" value="2.0" />
	</props>

PRISONER will now use this app to make its requests.

3) Apply for login review

All Facebook apps must now have their permissions reviewed by Facebook before
the app is made public. From the developers dashboard, you will need to create a
login review submission that justifies why your app needs to use each requested
permission. To help with this, a debugging option has been provided which lists
all of the Facebook permissions your experiment requests. This is available by
adding the following prop to your policy:

	<prop for="Facebook" key="debug" value="true" />

All requests using the Facebook gateway will return a
"PRISONER-Facebook-Permissions" header. This will list the names of all Facebook
permissions the policy requires. You can use this to ensure Facebook review the full set of permissions your app requires. You should do this once your app is
working and you know you will not need to have more permissions reviewed in the
future, as this could incur additional delays. Login review will require that
your experiment is visibile to Facebook, so make sure to describe any steps they
need to test it.

This is a temporary solution but soon PRISONER should have more tools to make
the Login Review process easier to deal with.

2) Breaking API change
-----------------------
The /friends endpoint will return *substantially* less information, and for most
purposes will not be particularly useful. Requests to it will still work, but
now
only a collection of friends *who also use your app* will be returned. The
Person() objects in this collection will only be populated with the ID and the
name of the friend, so additional information such as their education and work
history and other biographical details will NOT be collected. Ensure that this
endpoint is still meaningful to your experiment before continuing to use it in
v2.0

Other endpoints have changed but the PRISONER interfaces to these have not, so
no further changes are needed on your part.
